Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- What did you get?
- Building plans.
Sentinel Services
Headquarters. the Capitol.
Of course. The plan is to
wipe out the entire government?
This attack is coming.
You people took everything
from me! Never again.
- [GUN COCKS]
- [GRUNTS]
Clarice. come on.
No!
This is your fault.
She shouldn't have been down there.
I gave her a place where she belonged.
- Blink was...
- Stop calling her Blink!
- It's the name she chose!
- [GRUNTS]
REED [ON PHONE]: You need to come home.
I don't think I can do that.
When I attacked that Purifier.
you were afraid of me.
I belong here. I am a monster.
REED: Today I killed a man.
If you're a monster.
son. then so am I.
We're your family. you belong with us.
PHOEBE: Andy and Lorna are gone.
We could sense Lorna's
uncertainty. but...
Someone thought they had a special bond.
Such a shame we have to kill them.
NEWSWOMAN [ON TV]:
People are still reacting
to the utter devastation
of the first mass casualty
mutant attack on American soil.
MAN: There was. like.
these flashes in the sky.
a-a-and then there
was bodies everywhere.
I've never seen anything like it.
NEWSMAN: First responders across Dallas
are doing everything they can.
but it's now becoming clear
the death toll will be in the thousands.
Mom. is that gonna happen here?
No. sweetie. It's gonna be okay.
Hey!
- Dad!
- Andy. come here.
Oh. it's good to see you.
Yeah.
Sorry it took so long.
The roads were jammed.
You didn't have to come home.
Of course I did.
Most of the others were
out the door as soon
as the first news reports came in.
They've closed down some of the
government buildings. just in case.
- Hi. Lauren. how are you?
- I'm scared.
It just feels like a bad dream.
NEWSMAN 2: ...more attacks
could be on the way.
♪ ♪
NEWSWOMAN: The incident in Dallas marks
the deadliest mutant
attack in American history.
[TV TURNS OFF]
CAITLIN: I think that's
enough news for today.
Kids are asleep. Finally.
I wanted to tell them that
we'll keep them safe. that...
that this could never happen to them.
but how do you make that promise?
You know. we talked
about me transferring
to the Mutant Crimes Division.
You really want to do that now?
I just feel like maybe this
is telling us something.
This is the fight of our time. Cait.
I can't just sit by on the sidelines.
It's the only way I can think
of to keep our kids safe.
I can't say I'm excited
about you jumping
into the middle of what happened today.
but if you feel like you
need to do that. I get it.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
POLARIS: We have to move
against Reeva now.
In the next 24 hours. she plans
on taking out Sentinel Services
and then the whole dang government.
Thousands of innocent
people will be dead.
So we're just gonna attack?
Last I heard. she was in a fortress.
Well. we didn't have the power
to attack a fortress before.
Now we do.
If they can take down the
Inner Circle headquarters...
Wait. You want Andy and
Lauren to destroy a high-rise?
CAITLIN: God knows I am all for
bringing down the Inner Circle.
but there has to be another way
that doesn't involve
Andy and Lauren destroying
an entire building.
THUNDERBIRD: There is no other way.
If we do this. we don't
lose anyone else here.
POLARIS: It's true. But
we can't afford to wait.
- It's too much.
- It's all right.
I think we can do it.
Are you sure?
LAUREN: In a way. I feel like
we've been preparing
for this for a long time.
We can stop Reeva.
We have this power. we might as
well use it for something good.
ESME: It's what we thought.
Lorna and Andrew went back
to the Mutant Underground.
Pathetic. really. I guess
greatness skips a generation.
Or three.
See? I told you.
I knew that Lorna bitch got Max killed.
- What the hell do we do now?
- We move forward with the plan.
Yes. their loss is a setback.
but they can be replaced.
Lorna was going to block communications
using her abilities.
No. it isn't as elegant.
but the same can be
done using explosives.
What about taking
down Sentinel Services?
The whole idea was to have Andy do it.
Yes. that part of the plan
will have to change as well.
but it will go forward.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to make some arrangements.
[DIALING]
- [LINE RINGING]
- RYAN [ON PHONE]: Hello?
Mr. Ryan. Rise and shine.
RYAN: Do you know what time it is?
It's time for you to get to work.
RYAN: What is it now?
I have a job for your Purifier friends.
ANDY: Dad?
You feeling okay?
Yeah. I'm good.
Sorry.
You ready?
Yeah. We're supposed
to be getting our stuff.
but I don't have any stuff. so...
I thought you were taking medicine.
I stopped.
Why?
I felt like I had to
face this thing head-on.
For so long. I've been trying
to make sense of it all.
Yeah.
Me. too.
After I left. I wanted to
come home so many times.
I just thought that I was in so deep.
But...
after what you said last night.
I...
I just felt like I was
part of the family again.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
When you were away. it was like
a part of me had been torn away.
like I was never gonna be whole again.
You are always my son.
Nothing could ever change that.
A lot of these files are on stations
that don't exist anymore.
People that are gone.
THUNDERBIRD: Marcos. there's
nothing left to rebuild.
Just... just burn it all.
All of this is my fault.
Lorna.
It is.
I was fighting for a dream.
A dream of a place for all of us.
I believed in Reeva's lie.
And Clarice died because of it.
Marcos told me you saw her at the end.
Yeah. Uh...
Jace Turner shot her.
She was making a portal.
I could still feel her. but...
she was just gone.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry.
You just promise me
that you're gonna fight.
I promise.
ECLIPSE: That's it.
That's the last of it.
We should. uh.
we should get the
Struckers and head out.
John. what?
There's a lot of trucks
coming down the street.
[MEN SHOUTING]
Purifiers.
We're at the Westke Apartments.
We have the building
surrounded. Proudstar's in there?
Not just him. All your friends
from the Mutant Underground.
The real question is whether
you're gonna let them escape again.
JACE: We got every exit covered.
We got overlapping fields
of fire in every direction.
Just make sure nobody gets in our way.
RYAN: The local police
are very upset about Officer
Wilson's death yesterday.
They'll look the other way.
If you want justice for your family.
now is the time.
JACE: I've been waiting
a long time for this.
I won't let you down.
[DOOR OPENING]
I just checked the back.
They've got that covered.
and the roads are blocked. the
Purifier line is three deep.
If we take one step
out there. we're dead.
We should've known she'd
call Ryan to take us out.
She's not taking any chances.
This is not just
rednecks in pickup trucks.
They've got body armor. bigger guns.
They're spread out all over.
some of them are out of reach.
And they got us covered
from every angle.
POLARIS: It looks like
Reeva took this personally.
She's not the only one
who took things personally.
- My husband is in there.
- I understand that. ma'am.
We'll get him out.
We're gonna protect all the humans.
We'll get him out. okay? Trust me.
PURIFIER 1: We should just go in. man.
There's families up there.
We had Proudstar at the
compound with 50 men.
How many of them died that day?
No. They know they can't
stay in there forever.
They're gonna have to make a move soon.
and when they do. we cut them down.
We do this right. the Mutant
Underground ends today.
God. there's so many of them.
REED: They're setting up a perimeter.
Looks like they're
planning to wait us out.
CAITLIN: I don't want
to take any chances.
I've got some guns in the
storage room downstairs.
REED: You do?
You didn't tell me that.
I'm telling you now.
Stay put. we'll be right back.
Here you go.
Where'd you get all these guns?
It's America. Reed.
Stores sell them.
Look. I don't have an X-Gene.
I figured it was the next best thing.
Hey.
Is the pain bad?
No. It's just. um...
frustrating.
All I ever wanted to do
was protect my children.
I have this ability. and there
is nothing I can do with it.
Just breathe. okay?
Yeah.
We're gonna get through this.
- [TAKES DEEP BREATH]
- Yeah.
[SIGHS]
You still working?
Yeah. just some briefs for Monday.
Want to take a break?
I. uh...
The kids are out.
Your mission to save the world
from mutant crime can wait an hour.
Yeah. I guess an hour won't hurt.
Yeah. I-I think this particular hour
might even help. [CHUCKLES]
[PHONE VIBRATES]
- [SIGHS]
- Work?
No. it's...
it's Lauren.
Hang on. Hey.
[CRYING]: Hi. I need you.
Can you please come get me?
Wait. S-Slow down. I thought you were
at Emma's party. What...
Yeah. I am.
Something happened to me. Dad.
There was a mutant attack.
- I'm outside.
- Are you hurt?
No. no. I'm fine.
Just please come get me. Please?
- What happened?
- There's been a mutant attack
at the party. I'm gonna go get her.
I'll be right there. honey.
If it comes down to it. we
might have to use Fenris.
take them all out.
I don't want to think
about that right now.
[EXHALES] You really want to kill
- all those people?
- I don't like hurting people.
I know you think I do.
All that stuff that
happened at the Inner Circle.
everything we did.
even the worst stuff...
I did it because I
wanted to help people.
[CREAKING NEARBY]
ANDY: What?
The door.
Mom closed it.
Yeah. what the hell?
- [GASPS]
- Surprise.
[GASPS]
FROST SISTERS: On your knees.
- Don't fight.
- [YELPS]
[GRUNTS]
Andrew. Lauren.
Is that any way to treat guests?
- You're doing great.
- [PANTING]
[CHUCKLES] Remember that
couples meditation class
we took in Cancún
before Lauren was born?
Yeah. I don't remember them
covering this situation. though.
I told you we should've
taken the two-hour class.
Next time.
Andy?
Lauren!
It's done.
- REEVA: Everything go smoothly?
- Smoothly?
Fade almost got us killed
sneaking past the Purifiers.
I don't need the details.
Did you get what you came for?
Yes. They're here. Reeva.
I'm worried... making them
use their powers like this.
they could snap. they
could have a stroke.
As long as the job is done.
Next time you call.
you better have results.
RYAN [ON TV]: ...hide
behind political correctness.
The time has come to demand
that our elected leaders
stop the talk and do something.
We're whistling in the dark. people.
There's going to be a mutant attack.
When it comes. is
America going to be ready?
- Not at all.
- It's time to pick up...
Is there anything? Do you see them?
[EXHALES]
Still having trouble tracking.
Keep seeing Clarice everywhere.
I'm trying. but...
Frost sisters were here.
ECLIPSE: The Purifiers have
this building surrounded.
How did it happen?
- Fade.
- God. I hate that guy.
Reeva's plan depends on destroying
Sentinel Service Headquarters.
If she's got Andy and Lauren...
- We have to get to them.
- ECLIPSE: I'm all for it.
How do we get out of here?
I can move cars at the
roadblock. stop the bullets.
Not from every single direction.
They've got every angle covered.
REED: He's right. It's
like a wall out there.
- There's no way through it.
- You need a way through?
I can make one.
- John. that is insane.
- It can work.
REED: They've got the
entire street wired tight.
THUNDERBIRD: Jace Turner wants
the Mutant Underground.
but after what happened
at the Purifier compound.
he wants me. If I go out there.
he's gonna throw
everything he can at me.
That might be just
enough time for you guys
- to drive out of here.
- CAITLIN: John. no. John.
your body can take a lot of damage.
but you are hardly bulletproof.
You nearly died at that compound.
Caitlin. I just need to last long enough
to get them away from the gate.
Look. John. I... I could help.
- We could all...
- No. we can't risk it.
The four of you have to
get to Lauren and Andy.
- You have to stop Reeva.
- ECLIPSE: Brother.
do you know what they
are going to do to you?
Jace Turner took Clarice from me.
He can't do anything worse.
[EXHALES]
♪ ♪
[EXHALES FORCEFULLY]
It's him! Fire!
- [GUNFIRE]
- [GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
JACE: What are you
waiting for? Shoot him!
[GRUNTS]
[YELLS]
[GRUNTING. CHOKING]
[GUNFIRE RESUMES]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[YELLS]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
The SUV! On the SUV!
Go find him!
♪ ♪
Hey...
- no cops yet.
- ECLIPSE: Let's hope
our luck holds out till we
get to Sentinel Services.
They're using the Morlock
tunnels to get around the city.
There are some steam
grates at Elm and 15th.
CAITLIN: Okay. I'll head that way.
[QUIETLY]: Are you all right?
I just can't stop it.
It's okay.
We made it out.
REED: You don't have
to be scared of mutants.
I'll protect you.
This is the kind of thing
that makes you stronger.
What do you mean?
You remember... [TAKES DEEP BREATH]
do you remember 7/15?
How scary that day was?
Watching the news on the TV all day...
Thinking: Why?
Something clicked for me that day.
I knew that somehow...
I had to be a part of it. that...
that I could make a difference.
That I needed to.
And I think that's our job.
When terrible things happen...
like 7/15 and like what
happened to you tonight...
we have to figure out what it means...
...and how it can make us better.
Dad?
I need to tell you something.
Okay.
What is it?
♪ ♪
I'll always protect you.
I promise.
FROST SISTERS: We're almost there.
It's just around the corner.
- LAUREN: No.
- ANDY: Please.
Still resisting. I suggest you behave.
Or we'll make you behave.
- Stop resisting.
- [GROANS]
Stop resisting.
What do you want from us?
We just need some help
destroying a building.
Please. don't make us
force you. It'll go easier
- if you cooperate.
- But if you'd rather do it
the hard way. that'll work. too.
You left our parents to
be killed by Purifiers.
The Purifiers will get
what's coming to them.
I thought the whole point
of doing this was to help mutants.
This is mutant freedom? Forcing us...
SOPHIE: We don't see it as forcing.
Sometimes. people just need a
little help seeing the light.
So we show it to them.
[BOTH GROANING]
- Wait.
- What is it?
You know what happens if we
keep pushing them like this.
We let you try to reason with them.
They made their choice.
W-We'll break them.
They might never recover.
It's not like Reeva's gonna let
them live after what they did.
SOPHIE: They might as well be useful.
Now. let's get this over with.
- PHOEBE/SOPHIE: Get up.
- [GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
[PURIFIERS SPEAKING NEARBY]
- [LABORED PANTING]
- [INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[GROANS]
ERG: John Proudstar.
you look like you need
some help.
How'd you find me?
I know every tunnel
and alley in this city.
I know we've had our disagreements.
I know you hate me.
But.
for Clarice's sake...
I'm hoping you hate them more.
[PANTING]
I don't want your help.
Just let me fight.
You mean let you die?
The Purifiers will be here soon
to finish what they started.
The man who murdered Blink is out there.
You owe it to her not
to let him kill you. too.
[PANTS]
The more energy I absorb.
the more I can send at them.
Hit me.
[PANTING]
[GROANS. GRUNTS]
[GRUNTS]
- Again.
- [GRUNTING]
Again!
[GRUNTING]
JACE: Am I interrupting something?
You're done.
You're done. Mr. Proudstar.
My name...
is Thunderbird.
[SHOUTS]
[GRUNTING]
- [ARM SNAPS]
- [SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
I'm ready to see my little
girl. Just do it. man.
Kill me!
FROST SISTERS: It's time.
You know what you're here for.
Please.
Please don't make us do this.
[SHUDDERS]
[SHOUTING]
Hey. you're hurting her!
PHOEBE/SOPHIE: Then she should
stop resisting.
[LAUREN PANTING]
PHOEBE: Esme. waiting for something?
FROST SISTERS: Time to hold hands.
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
Good.
Now. just relax and let go.
[GRUNTS]
♪ ♪
[ANDY AND LAUREN EXHALE]
[SCREAMING IN DISTANCE]
[TIRES SCREECH]
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
Come any closer and they die.
You shouldn't have come.
You don't have to do this.
Just give them to us and we'll go.
Too late. They're ours now.
- Kill them.
- Kill them all.
No.
- No.
- ANDY: Please! [GRUNTS]
ECLIPSE: Reed. get out of the way.
Marcos. no. they'll kill them!
REED: Andy. Lauren. you have to fight!
Remember who you are.
[GRUNTS]
Esme. Esme. look at me.
[ANDY AND LAUREN PANTING]
You told me that story. about
what the humans did to you
when you were kids. They forced you
to use your powers to
do things that you hated.
How is this any different?
Esme. what is wrong with you?
I...
I can't.
PHOEBE/SOPHIE: There is no "I." Esme.
There's only "we." You're nothing.
No. she's not nothing.
She's my friend.
Marcos. now!
[GRUNTS]
No!
Hey. hey. hey.
- Oh. God.
- [SIREN APPROACHING]
The-the police are close. You
can get away in the tunnels.
- What about you?
- I can't leave them. Just go!
- Go!
- Come on.
I got you.
Oh. my God.
[SIREN WAILING]
POLARIS: Esme told me a little
about how their powers work.
When they force people to do things
that go against
everything they care about.
it. um...
it causes damage.
When they tried to make
me leave the Inner Circle.
dragging me away from our daughter.
it was like my...
brain was in a vice.
I think they're lucky to be alive.
[WEAKLY]: Mom. Dad. I'm...
I'm so sorry.
What are you sorry for?
The building.
We destroyed it.
All those people.
No. that-that was not your fault.
You didn't do anything.
You didn't have control of your powers.
We could've killed you.
You saved us.
We have the chance to
stop what's about to happen
because of you.
REED: I saw how hard you fought.
I've never been prouder of you both.
We need to move.
They are in no shape to fight.
- They can barely even walk.
- Okay. well.
we can drop them off at the scrapyard.
We can't just leave them there.
Cait. I hate it. too.
But they will never be safe
while Reeva is out there.
If we don't stop her now. we
might never get the chance.
♪ ♪
That's the building.
It's big.
POLARIS: Yeah. Top floors
are the Inner Circle.
How do we get up there?
There's a private parking
garage with a freight elevator.
What about guards and security?
Security's on the outside.
I can get us in. Once we're up there.
most of Reeva's people will
be out with the strike team.
Well. even by herself.
Reeva's bad enough.
Look. when she attacks us.
we won't be able to think.
We won't be able to control our powers.
Just tell me this.
If we stop Reeva. this ends?
Without her. the whole
thing falls apart.
♪ ♪
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Is that safe? Those go off...
I know what I'm doing.
Still like the old-fashioned way.
You know. the team shouldn't have to use
these explosives at all.
If Max was here. we wouldn't need
any of this crap.
Hey. if it gets the job done.
works for me.
[CLATTERING NEARBY]
What the hell?
ECLIPSE: Okay. so. where is
- this elevator. huh?
- At the other end.
Take cover!
[GRUNTING]
[SHOUTS]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
Ah!
Let's get to the elevator. Come on.
Come on.
Wait.
[GRUNTING]
[PANTS] All right. Let's go.
Reed.
[GUNSHOTS]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
Nice shot.
Ah.
[GASPS] It looks like
they've got their hands full.
We're not gonna have time
to wait for them. I should
go up alone. You cover me.
and I'll get to the elevator.
What are you talking about?
We've got a slim enough chance
- with the four of us.
- Listen to me.
- [EXPLOSION]
- [GASPS]
Reeva makes people lose
control of their powers.
And I already can't control mine.
We can use that. We have to.
- [EXPLOSION]
- [GASPS]
- What are you saying?
- Since I stopped my medicine.
the episodes have become
more severe. more frequent.
We know from Dr. Risman
that the energy eventually
is gonna tear me apart. I can
barely control it right now.
- Reed.
- If she were
to attack me and that
power were to be released?
- It would kill you.
- And everyone who's up there with me.
- But it might stop her.
- [EXPLOSIONS]
Listen. you always said to me
that things happen
- for a reason. and you were right.
- No.
Take care of our family.
Take care of our kids.
No. No. no. no. You can't
do this. you can't...
I have to. It's the only way.
I love you.
Reed!
Over there!
[GASPING]
[GASPS]
I love you.
[PANTING]
CAITLIN: Did you believe that?
What you said to Lauren earlier
about things happening for a reason?
- You were listening?
- Maybe.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[SIGHS] I don't know.
I was just trying to let
her see that something good
- can come of this.
- Hmm.
I-I think it's deeper than that.
I think that our
challenges and our tragedies
are ours for a reason.
Maybe that's true.
I do sometimes think that
I've got a role to play
in all of this. in the mutant situation.
in keeping us all safe.
I wish I knew what it was.
[RAPID PANTING]
[ELEVATOR BELL CHIMES]
RYAN: Hundreds of American heroes
died today in a cowardly attack
on Sentinel Services
by mutant terrorists.
We must honor their sacrifice.
Defend the America they loved
and swore an allegiance to protect.
It is time to define what
makes someone an American.
- REED: Reeva. it's over.
- RYAN: Reevaluate the criteria...
- [TV MUTES]
- So...
the most disappointing
of the von Struckers.
What a surprise. I... I thought
they'd send someone more formidable.
I've been keeping tabs on you
over the years. you know.
Fighting against mutants.
fighting for them. fighting
your own mutant powers.
You're so... confused.
Maybe once.
Not anymore.
You need to stop this.
Why would I stop now? We've only
just begun. and I'm
not sure if you've been
paying attention. but this revolution
of ours is moving forward
one way or another.
Humans and mutants couldn't
live together before.
Because you and the Purifiers
have made sure that they can't.
Oh. please. I only helped
along the inevitable.
You know. your grandparents understood
what it takes to create a homeland.
It's such a shame that you never could.
You can't build a nation on
the murder of innocent people.
Read your history books.
That is the only way
that you can build a nation.
It's too bad. really.
Your family name could
have lived on forever.
[SINGING HIGH TONE]
♪ ♪
[GRUNTING]
You wanted the power
of the von Struckers?
It's all yours.
[GASPS]
[SHOUTS]
Let's go!
LAUREN: We weren't there
when we lost you.
And we'll live with that
for the rest of our lives.
ANDY: But we know that what you did.
you did for all of us.
♪ There is a house
built out of stone... ♪
LAUREN: You died so we
could come together.
♪ And windowsills... ♪
So we could heal.
♪ Tables and chairs
worn by all of the dust ♪
ANDY: You died to stop hate.
♪ This is a place where
I don't feel alone... ♪
LAUREN: And you died
so we could be with the people we love.
Te amo. Aurorita. Estamos aquí.
We'll all be together soon. baby girl.
For good.
ANDY: We're still fighting.
Mr. Ryan. any comment on reports
you were involved in the attack?
I have nothing to say.
LAUREN: We're fighting in ways
that were never possible before.
RYAN/ESME: Actually. I
do have something to say.
It's time I confess my crimes.
REPORTER: Mr. Ryan. Mr. Ryan!
What exactly do you mean?
I've been secretly leading
the Purifiers for over f-five years.
♪ Until ♪
♪ It disappeared ♪
♪ From me... ♪
LAUREN: We will keep fighting.
but I want you to know.
I love you. Daddy.
♪ And now... ♪
I love you. Dad.
♪ It's time... ♪
Goodbye. Reed.
♪ Leave ♪
♪ And turn ♪
♪ To dust. ♪
ERG: I know it's a hard time to meet.
But a situation has arisen.
The Morlocks in DC are gone.
but in the past couple
weeks I've had contact
with some people in other cities.
I hear things.
Reeva Payge may be gone.
but the Mutant Uprising
she sparked is not.
And what does that mean?
That mutant groups are gathering.
Some in the wilderness. some in cities.
What does that have to do with us?
ERG: People have heard of this group.
What happened with the Purifiers.
Your family's sacrifice.
They need help.
Leadership.
ECLIPSE: Well. do they understand
the Mutant Underground is gone?
CAITLIN: It's all right. Marcos.
We'll make a new one.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY] Good.
There are some camps
not too far from here.
John. what is it?
Something's. uh...
Something's outside. I can feel it.
There's something's out there. Come on.
♪ ♪
[EXHALES]
It's over here. It felt like...
- Clarice.
- BLINK: Something's happened.
I need you all to come with me.
There's something you need to see.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-